0. It is a header file (a library) that specifies exact-width integer types using macros.

1. uint_8, uint_16, uint_32 are unsigned integers with a specific number of bits.They are therefore useful for implementing integers with a specific
bit-length and that are not reserved for signing. uint_32 specifies a signed integer with 32 bits, which can therefore be used for signing. They are
useful for specifying integers of fixed width in different contexts while specifying a max value, thus allowing you to have exactly the space you need.

2. A BYTE is 1 byte (8 bits), a DWORD is 4 bytes (32 bits), a LONG is also 4 bytes (32 bits) and a WORD is 2 bytes (16 bits).

3. The first two bytes of any BMP file in hexadecimal must be 0x42 0x4D.

4. The difference is that bfSize is the size of the bitmap file (in bytes) while biSize is the number of bytes required by the structure of the file.

5. If biHeight is negative, that means that DIB is top-down (which cannot be compressed) and that biCompression has to be BI_RGB or BI_BITFIELDS. More 
simply put, it means that the file can't be compressed.

6. It is the biBitCount field that specifies the BMP's color depth.

7. When you are opening a file with fopen for read ("r") or write ("w"), that file must exist otherwise the function will return NULL. Therefore, fopen
might return NULL at lines 24 and 32 in copy.c since it is possible that the file doesn't exist.

8. The third argument in fread is the number of times we want the program to read the file. In our program, since we are always reading a struct, it is
always 1 since we only want the program to read the file 1 time.

9. Since bi.biWidth = 3 and sizeof(RGBTRIPLE) = 3, we have : (4 - (3 * 3) % 4) % 4 = (4 - 1) % 4 = 3. Therefore the padding would be 3.

10. The function fseek is used to change the location of the file pointer.

11. It is the current location of the pointer. You need to use SEEK_CUR with fseek (from from_where) to set the value of the pointer to the current value.
